Okay, so let's demonstrate S3 pre-signed URL.
And I'm just going to take
one bucket that I know is not public.
And so I click on my coffee.jpg for example,
you can take whatever image you want.
And so, let's have a look.
So, we know that this image is private
because if I go and click on my object URL right here,
I get an access denied.
So, this public URL right here
is not working because my bucket is not public.
But, I know that if I clicked on open right here,
it's going to open a new tab
and my image is still showing, why?
Well, because the beginning is exactly the same as before,
but then in here all the way,
you have what's called a pre-signed URL.
And so this URL was pre-signed with my credentials
which allowed me to access this image.
And so the idea is how do we generate
pre-signed URLs for everyone?
So two options, number one, you can use a CLI
and the other option is now to do it
from the console itself.
So, if you click on object action,
you can click on share a pre-signed URL.
And now, it says that anyone can access the object
with this URL until it expires,
even if the bucket and object are private.
So we're saying, "Hey, I want to have this image
and I want to allow minutes or hours."
So I will say, "Hey, it's going to be valid
for the next five minutes."
And then click on create pre-signed URL.
Now it has been created and I can share this URL with anyone
and they will be able to enter it, press Enter
and voila, get access to your image.
So, that's very handy if you want to share access
to some files in your S3 bucket very quickly
and then make sure that the URL expires
for maximum security.
Okay, that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.